# PROJECT 4           

What this project here does is telling a story while gaining some inputs from the user to change the direction of the story. Each chapter of the story is a different project where some progress of the code was made.              
How the program is compiled is that the user is asked for an input of certain conditions and then after the inputs were compiled then that chapter gets generated with the user's inputs. How the program runs is that both the file name and the public class have to be named the same in which this project they're names "Main".             
For running the adventure the user is asked general questions to generate their traveler. Then after the inputs were given the first paragraph was generated. After that the user is then asked for more inputs only this time to continue with the story and get an insight on how the traveler is feeling. Then the paragraph gets generated from both the first and second set of inputs. The user is asked for more inputs this time about 2 different times day and night also, more things about the traveler and what mythical creature the traveler encounters. The paragraph is then generated from all the other previous inputs. At last depending on some of the previous inputs that the user inputed certain sentences will be outputed. Another is depending the amount of gold they have, they will drop a certain amount each round until they don't have anymore left. Last is that a certain sentence would be repeated a few times until it stops. The traveler's inventory is read, the creatures that are nearby are read out, and multiple dialogue choices are also read out. The traveler encounters a Leshy and is to choose what to do. Depending on what the traveler did a line of text would reply to what their action was. A random item is selected from the traveler's inventory to be acknowledged of. The traveler counts the total number of coins they gained and lost to determine if they gained more or lost more. The traveler encounters a mysterious being which is then forced to make a choice between 1-3 otherwise they're asked again for a number between 1-3. The traveler checks their inventory's contents to see if everything's there. After everything the traveler continues on their adventure with their total amount of gold coins checked.                          
A few ideas for the future would be to add seperate endings depending on what the user inputs. Another would be to give the user the option of either be friendly with other's or be negative towards them.                 
How and why I write my code the way that I write it is that I section it by paragraphs or group it up depending on what class is called.                  

